Enforce Template Compliance (#267)
CIROH-UA/NGIAB-CloudInfra: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

[Short description explaining the high-level reason for the pull request]

## Additions

> 
> -
> 
> ## Removals
> 
> -
> 
> ## Changes
> 
> -
> 
> ## Testing
> 
> 1.
> 
> ## Screenshots
> 
> 
> ## Notes
> 
> -
> 
> ## Todos
> 
> -
> 
> ## Checklist
> 
> - [ ] PR has an informative and human-readable title
> - [ ] Changes are limited to a single goal (no scope creep)
> - [ ] Code can be automatically merged (no conflicts)
> - [ ] Code follows project standards (link if applicable)
> - [ ] Passes all existing automated tests
> - [ ] Any _change_ in functionality is tested
> - [ ] New functions are documented (with a description, list of inputs, and expected output)
> - [ ] Placeholder code is flagged / future todos are captured in comments
> - [ ] Visually tested in supported browsers and devices (see checklist below :point_down:)
> - [ ] Project documentation has been updated (including the "Unreleased" section of the CHANGELOG)
> - [ ] Reviewers requested with the [Reviewers tool](https://help.github.com/articles/requesting-a-pull-request-review/) :arrow_right:
> 
> ## Testing checklist
> 
> ### Target Environment support
> 
> - [ ] Windows
> - [ ] Linux
> - [ ] Browser
> 
> ### Accessibility
> 
> - [ ] Keyboard friendly
> - [ ] Screen reader friendly
> 
> ### Other
> 
> - [ ] Is useable without CSS
> - [ ] Is useable without JS
> - [ ] Flexible from small to large screens
> - [ ] No linting errors or warnings
> - [ ] JavaScript tests are passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Short description explaining the high-level reason for the pull request]

## Additions

-

## Removals

-

## Updates

-

## Testing 
### Method
### Screenshots / output snippets

## Checklist

- [ ] PR has an informative and human-readable title
- [ ] Changes are limited to a single goal (no scope creep)
- [ ] Code can be automatically merged (no conflicts)
- [ ] Any _change_ in functionality is tested
- [ ] New functions are documented (with a description, list of inputs, and expected output)

## Testing checklist

### Target Environment support

- [ ] Windows (wsl)
- [ ] Linux
- [ ] MaxOs (apple silicon)

```
